This data and software ("Data") is provided by the National Renewable Energy
Laboratory ("NREL"), which is operated by the Alliance for Sustainable Energy,
LLC ("ALLIANCE") for the U.S. Department of Energy ("DOE").

Access to and use of these Data shall impose the following obligations on the
user, as set forth in this Agreement. The user is granted the right, without
any fee or cost, to use, copy, modify, alter, enhance and distribute these Data
for any purpose whatsoever, provided that this entire notice appears in all
copies of the Data. Further, the user agrees to credit DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE and/or
Western Area Power Administration ("WAPA"), when applicable for Data identified
as solely provided by WAPA, in any publication that results from the use of
these Data. The names DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE/WAPA, however, may not be used in any
advertising or publicity to endorse or promote any products or commercial
entities unless specific written permission is obtained from DOE/NREL/
ALLIANCE/WAPA. The user also understands that DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE/WAPA is not
obligated to provide the user with any support, consulting, training or
assistance of any kind with regard to the use of these Data or to provide the
user with any updates, revisions or new versions of these Data.

YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE/WAPA, AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES,
AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES AGAINST ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND,
INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THESE DATA. THESE
DATA ARE PROVIDED BY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE/WAPA "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE/WAPA BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
CLAIMS ASSOCIATED WITH THE LOSS OF DATA OR PROFITS, WHICH MAY RESULT FROM AN
ACTION IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS CLAIM THAT ARISES OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE ACCESS, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THESE DATA.